Create ui-c8y-1018-503-91-missing-german-translation-in-successmessage-in-bulk-device-upload-6325-graft.md (#2124)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1018-503-91-missing-german-translation-in-successmessage-in-bulk-device-upload-6325-graft.md

---
date: ""

> title: Missing german translation in successmessage in bulk device upload (#6325) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6454)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Fixed missing German translation in success message for bulk device upload
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57157
version: 1018.503.91
---

> Missing german translation in successmessage in bulk device upload (#6325) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6454)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the bulk device upload feature, the success message was not properly translated to German, leading to a poor user experience for German-speaking users. This issue has now been resolved. The success message for bulk device uploads will now be correctly displayed in German for users who have selected German as their language in the platform. This improvement ensures that German-speaking users receive clear and understandable feedback when their bulk device upload is successful.
```
